These are some of the questions:

1.	What is your research question?
Can we predict a stock value to rise or fall based on the top 25 news headlines?
2.	What are your hypotheses?
I hypothesis that we can predict a stock value to rise or fall based on the top 25 news headlines.
3.	What are your citations from statistical research?
to be gathered as I complete the project.
4.	What statistical methods did those researchers use?
NLP with vectoring and feature selection for logistic regression.
5.	What attributes did they find important?
N/A
6.	Which statistical methods will you use?  Normality test, parametric or nonparametric test, post-hoc test.   
(Remember you must use one or more of the eight principal statistical methods: t-test, z-test, ANOVA, regression analysis, Kruskal-Wallis, Wilcoxon, Chi-Square, Fisher’s Exact Test.)
Naive Bayes, CNN, RNN 
7.	Does the data fit what are you intending to do?
yes
8.	Which tool(s) will you use?  R, Python, SAS.  Provide intext citations supporting your choice.
Python has NLTK (natural language toolkit) and sklearn to NLP
9.	Has the data been studied statistically by other researchers?  If so, what statistical methods did they use?  What were their findings?
same as stated above
10.	What are the limitations and delimitations of your study?
Limited to the DJIA and provided top 25 news headlines.
11.	What are the number of rows of data in your dataset?  Min. 7,000 required.
73,537
12.	What is the data sparsity (%)?
all rows are filled

Keep in Mind:
1. 	Employers want to see concrete examples of evaluating business problems or cases: predict revenue, predict widgets based on IVs, miles-per-gallon, stock valuation, 
        factors for loan approval, production costs, transportation charges, significant group differences in terms of valuation or market share.
2.	Social conditions, avocations, or non-business problems are not suitable for Capstone study.
3.	Must have intext citation per section of your Proposal.
4.	Limitations are constraints placed upon the researcher.  Spell them out.
5.	Delimitations are constraints the researcher places upon the study.  Spell them out.
6.	The data table is required because it demonstrates to the committee the independent variables (IVs) intended for study as opposed to all IVs.
7. 	Use statistical terminology throughout the proposal.  The title should state the principal statistical method being used.
8.	Cite a study of your subject or similar subject that used the method you are planning to use. (Context and Project Outcome).
9.	Justification is about what other researchers say about the tool you chose, e.g., R v. SAS, R v. Python. It is about expert opinion.


